Improve Application Memory Documentation (#3739)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/app/troubleshooting/2000-01-01-runtime-issues.md

- Configuration issues
- Bugs in your application code
- Uncaught exception in your code (especially with non-compiled languages)
- Insufficient resources, such as an Out of Memory (OOM) crash when the

>   application consumes all its allocated memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  application consumes all its available memory
```

You can modify this behavior by tweaking your
[Notifier's configuration]({% post_url platform/app/2000-01-01-notifiers %}).

> The `app_crashed`, `app_crashed_repeated` and the `app_deployed` events can be

Reviewer 2: praise: nice catch!

particularly worth considering.

## Common Runtime Error Patterns

### Out of Memory Crashes

When an application consumes all its allocated memory (RAM + swap), the system
applies a protection mechanism called the **OOM Killer** (Out of Memory Killer).

The usual sequence is:

1. The application progressively uses all available RAM.
2. The system starts using swap space.
3. When memory and swap reach 100% usage, the OOM Killer intervenes.
4. The application is immediately terminated by the system.

This can have several observable consequences:

- Abrupt termination: the application stops without a graceful shutdown process.

> - Automatic restart: the container restarts according to its configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatic restart: the container is restarted following our [runtime error recovery process](#recovering-from-a-runtime-error).
```
